- [Narrator] Our everyday activities
are plagued with bad practices and habits.
Some of these things we barely think about
but could vastly help us.
From the most efficient
way to eat an apple,
to the reason why those
feet on your keyboard
may be harming you.
Here are 10 Things You most
likely Do Wrong Every Day.
(electronic chiming)
- Amazing.
- [Narrator] Number 10,
prevent static buildup.
Static buildup is one
of those annoying things
that come from doing the washing.
It occurs when clothes tumble around
and rub against one another in the dryer,
and they exchange electrons.
As some pieces of clothing
are positively charged,
and others are negatively charged,
they become annoyingly
clingy to each other,
leaving you in potentially
sticky situations,
like when you have to pull a sock
from the inside of your pant leg,
and hide it frantically because
you're at work or at school.
This problem is easily resolved though,
and it doesn't have to come
at the cost of buying dryer sheets.
The solution lies in aluminum foil.
Simply scrunch lots of
foil into hand-sized balls,
and throw two or three
of them into the dryer.
This time the foil balls will
discharge any static build-up
as they tumble with your clothes, genius.
You can continue using them for months,
and if they ever fall apart,
just crumple some new foil over them.
Number nine, hammering nails.
Hammering nails is one of those
notoriously dangerous tasks
that inevitable lead you
to flattening your thumb into a pancake.
But that's mostly because
you've been doing it wrong.
There's such an easy way
to protect your fingers
from the head of a heavy moving hammer.
All you need is pencil
with a rubber on the end.
Grab a utility knife and cut
a nail-sized slit in the end.
The pencil acts as a holder
for the nail while your hammering.
Keep your fingers safely
positioned behind the nail.
No more pancake fingers.
Number eight, eating an apple.
Cutting an apple is one
of those simple jobs
that we don't even think about.
Most of us would typically
cut the apple in half,
and then cut out the core so that
we are left with the nice yellowish flesh.
There are a number of reasons this isn't
the best way to cut an apple.
Firstly, the core is totally edible,
so you don't have to bin
it in the first place.
However, a lot of people
don't like to eat it,
which is totally understandable
because it's not the
nicest part of the apple.
The best thing to do in this case,
is use a spoon instead of a
knife when cutting out the core.
This maximizes the
amount of yellowish flesh
retained for consumption,
so that you don't have to
throw away perfectly edible parts
of the apple along with the core.
Number seven, using chopsticks.
Using chopsticks is one of those
needlessly difficult tasks.
Most of us just opt straight
for ordinary cutlery
when faced with the
daunting task of using them.
That's why you'd be glad to
know there's a better way
to hold these hand-held pinchers.
All you need is a toothpick
and an elastic band.
Snap the toothpick in
half and then place it
in-between the two chopsticks,
securing it tightly with an elastic band.
This will bind the sticks together,
and allow it to rebound back
after you let go of your
finger pushing down the stick.
It basically makes eating with
chopsticks 10 times easier.
Number six, earphones.
Earphones can be really annoying devices,
particularly when the
wires get tangled up,
and you spend more time unraveling them
than you do listening to music on them.
That's why when you
just throw the earphones
in your pocket without much thought,
your costing yourself a lot
of hassle in the future.
What you should do is fold the
cables up neatly like this.
Fold them into a loop,
and then use the wire
close to the end of the
head of each earphone,
to tie a knot around the looped wires.
This will tightly secure the wires
in a neat bundle, ready for the
next time you want to listen
to your hardcore reggae
metal or deep filthstep.
Number five, stirring and pouring honey.
How do you stir or store your honey?
If you've been using a
metal storage container,
or spoon for this job, then
you've been doing it all wrong.
There's a really good reason for this too.
Honey is very acidic
with a pH of around four,
meaning it can react with the honey,
and cause a change in
acceptable quality of the honey.
This can also causes a
discoloration in the honey.
That's why honey dippers have
been used for generations.
They don't chemically harm the honey,
meaning they don't impair
any of the honey's flavor.
Honey dippers are also more
porous and their design
is brilliant for preventing
the honey dripping
if you rotate it on the way to your cup.
So, in the future, remember
that wooden utensils
or stainless steel spoons are preferable
when transferring honey from containers.
Number four, opening jars.
Now to jars, we've all struggled
to open them at least once.
It can be seriously embarrassing,
especially when that
measly glass container
starts to put your strength into question.
But as you know, brain beats brawn.
You've likely just been doing it wrong.
You can easily open a stubborn jar
using some household tools.
First up, duct tape.
All you have to do is attach the tape
to the lid of the jar like this,
making a little handle at the end.
Just pull on it and viola.
Next up, another great
method, rubber bands.
Simply wrap one around the
lid, and put on a rubber glove.
This will give you some much-needed grip.
Now it will be much
easier to open that lid.
If the previous two tricks
didn't work then try this.
Use a spatula or something
similar to hit the jar,
either on top or at the bottom.
If that doesn't work,
then grab a spoon and tap
all around the top edge of the lid.
That should loosen the
seal, allowing the pressure
to equalize slightly, making
it easier to remove the lid.
Finally, if all else
fails, grab a hairdryer
and heat up the lid with it.
Or, you could turn the jar upside down
so the lid heats up in hot water.
Then, grab a cloth and twist
the lid and it should open.
This heat should expand
the lid, loosening it up.
Number three, folding shirts.
If you don't have your mom
to do all your washing,
ironing and folding for
you, then you probably
just leave all your clothes bundled up
on the ground in some huge pile.
But it doesn't have to be this way.
There is an amazingly simple way
to fold all of your clothes
in under two seconds.
All you have to do is
follow these simple steps.
First lay your shirt down on the ground,
and imagine three points on the shirt,
positioned between the shirts
center line and outside edge,
A, B and C, where A is
half way down the shirt.
Start by pinching point
A with your left hand,
and grab B with your right hand.
Cross your right hand
over to pick up point C,
and then unfold your arms and
fold the shirt back on itself.
With just a bit of practice over time,
you can perform this fold very quickly.
It will save you a lot
of time in the future.
Number two, post-it notes.
Turns out most of us peel
post-it notes incorrectly,
from top to bottom.
This bad habit leaves us with curly edges
on our post-it notes.
That means they lose
some of their stickiness.
If you want your post-it notes to stick,
well then just start at one side,
and pull the note to the opposite side.
Voila, a flat-lying note.
Okay, this may be a classic
first world problem,
but it matters if you care about
your sticky note actually being sticky.
Before I reveal the number one spot,
I'd like to remind you to subscribe
if you've enjoyed this video.
We upload amazing,
fact-filled list videos daily.
Also, make sure to click that bell icon
to stay updated, or you'll
regret missing out on
some amazing knowledge that
could have filled your brain.
Now let's get back to it.
Number one, keyboard feet.
Have you ever wondered
what those little feet
that extend out of the back
of your keyboard are for?
Most of us, like myself included,
assume they exist for ergonomics,
just to make the keyboard
more comfortable to type on.
However, this isn't entirely true.
It turns out that feet under
keyboards have been mandatory
since the beginning of the 80s,
when the International
Organization for Standardization
stipulated that it should be possible
to adjust the rear
height of all keyboards.
Back then, people were
used to typing at height
with machines such as typewriters,
so the feet were meant
to adjust the keyboard
to a higher angle that
people were more used to.
However, nowadays they are only important
for people who can't type blind.
When the keys are extended,
people who have to
look at the keys, and typically
use two fingers to type,
have a better view of the keys,
so it's advantageous for them
to have the feet extended.
However, a lot of people
nowadays can type blind,
and in this case, extending
the feet on keyboards
isn't much use, it can
actually be harmful.
If your a blind typer, and
don't have to look at the keys
when typing, then extending
the feet can put your wrists
at risk if they are angled back too far.
For this reason, blind typers
should keep the feet retracted
and use a flat keyboard.
Various studies have even demonstrated
a beneficial effect on the
wrists when angling the keyboard
with a flat or negative incline.
So, if your a proficient blind typer,
then keep those keyboard feet retracted.
Did any of these hacks surprise you?
Do you know of any other
things most of us do wrong?
Let me know in the comments
section down below.
Also, if you enjoyed this video,
make sure to leave this a like.
Thanks for watching.
(electronic chiming)